com/platzi/market/domain/service/ProductService.java
 com.platzi.market.domain.service.ProductService
com/platzi/market/PlatziMarketApplication.java
 com.platzi.market.PlatziMarketApplication
com/platzi/market/domain/repository/ProductRepository.java
 com.platzi.market.domain.repository.ProductRepository
com/platzi/market/persistence/entity/Categoria.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.entity.Categoria
com/platzi/market/web/controller/ProductController.java
 com.platzi.market.web.controller.ProductController
com/platzi/market/domain/Product.java
 com.platzi.market.domain.Product
com/platzi/market/persistence/entity/ComprasProductoPK.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.entity.ComprasProductoPK
com/platzi/market/persistence/mapper/ProductMapper.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.mapper.ProductMapper
com/platzi/market/persistence/entity/Producto.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.entity.Producto
com/platzi/market/persistence/mapper/CategoryMapper.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.mapper.CategoryMapper
com/platzi/market/domain/Category.java
 com.platzi.market.domain.Category
com/platzi/market/persistence/crud/ProductoCrudRepository.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.crud.ProductoCrudRepository
com/platzi/market/persistence/ProductoRepository.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.ProductoRepository
com/platzi/market/web/controller/PurchaseController.java
 com.platzi.market.web.controller.PurchaseController
com/platzi/market/domain/service/PurchaseService.java
 com.platzi.market.domain.service.PurchaseService
com/platzi/market/domain/PurchaseItem.java
 com.platzi.market.domain.PurchaseItem
com/platzi/market/domain/Purchase.java
 com.platzi.market.domain.Purchase
com/platzi/market/domain/repository/PurchaseRepository.java
 com.platzi.market.domain.repository.PurchaseRepository
com/platzi/market/persistence/CompraRepository.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.CompraRepository
com/platzi/market/persistence/crud/CompraCrudRepository.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.crud.CompraCrudRepository
com/platzi/market/persistence/entity/ComprasProducto.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.entity.ComprasProducto
com/platzi/market/persistence/mapper/PurchaseItemMapper.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.mapper.PurchaseItemMapper
com/platzi/market/persistence/entity/Compra.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.entity.Compra
com/platzi/market/persistence/entity/Cliente.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.entity.Cliente
com/platzi/market/persistence/mapper/PurchaseMapper.java
 com.platzi.market.persistence.mapper.PurchaseMapper
